<div align="center">
  
  <h2>CSRF Implementation</h2>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Contributors:</td>
    <td>Krish Vadhani</td>
    <td>Devansh Shah</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Roll No:</td>
    <td>1911062</td>
    <td>1911052</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Course:</td>
    <td colspan="2">CSS</td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>Faculty:</td>
    <td colspan="2">Deepak Sharma</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>College:</td>
    <td colspan="2"> K. J. Somaiya college of engineering</td>
  </tr>
</table>
 </div>

## Techstack
* React.js
* Node.js
* MongoDB

## Introduction
Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) is an attack that forces authenticated users to submit a request to a Web application against which they are currently authenticated. CSRF attacks exploit the trust a Web application has in an authenticated user. (Conversely, cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks exploit the trust a user has in a particular Web application). A CSRF attack exploits a vulnerability in a Web application if it cannot differentiate between a request generated by an individual user and a request generated by a user without their consent.

## Objective
A CSRF token is a unique, secret, unpredictable value that is generated by the server-side application and transmitted to the client in such a way that it is included in a subsequent HTTP request made by the client. When the later request is made, the server-side application validates that the request includes the expected token and rejects the request if the token is missing or invalid.

CSRF tokens can prevent CSRF attacks by making it impossible for an attacker to construct a fully valid HTTP request suitable for feeding to a victim user. Since the attacker cannot determine or predict the value of a user's CSRF token, they cannot construct a request with all the parameters that are necessary for the application to honor the request.

## To run this project :

Clone the project -

  $ git clone https://github.com/DEV270201/CSRF_Implementation.git

  
Install all the requirements -
After cloning the code run 'npm install' to download all the required libraries -

 $ npm install

Start the project, navigate to the project directory on the terminal;

* Run the script 'npm start' in the 'Attacker' 
* Run the script 'npm start' in the 'vulnerable/client'
* Run the script 'npm start' in the 'vulnerable/server'


 ## Run the script -

  $ npm start
 
<h3 align="center"><b>Developed with :heart: by <a href="https://github.com/krishvadhani19">Krish Vadhani</a> and <a href="https://github.com/DEV270201">Devansh Shah</a></b></h1>
